# MovieDB
*v1.0beta3*
 

**Introduction:**

MovieDB is a free application for Mac OS X that lets you easily manage
your digital movie collection. By focusing exclusively on digital movies
they can be added comfortably by using drag&drop. Information about the
file is automatically extracted, information about the movie is
automatically fetched over the internet. MovieDB supports DVDs, (S)VCDs
and nearly all common video files like AVIs or MOVs. MovieDB can easily
search for your movies or sort and filter them.  

**WARNING:**

MovieDB is beta-quality and only provided as a technology-preview for
advanced users.
MovieDB is completely unsupported and is not currently under any active
development.
MovieDB's source code has [moved to
GitHub](https://github.com/core-code/MovieDB) hoping that others will
help finish the app.  

**DISCLAIMER:**

MovieDB can fetch movie information from
[www.imdb.com](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php), the
website from *IMDb.com, Inc*..
MovieDB and its authors are not in any way affiliated with or endorsed
by *IMDb.com, Inc.*.
All data fetched from IMDb is © by *IMDb.com, Inc*. and may not be used
without permission.  

**Requirements:**

• Mac OS X 10.6 or later  

**Website:**

[www.corecode.io/moviedb](https://www.corecode.io/moviedb/)  


**License & Cost:**

MovieDB is completely free of charge and the source code is licensed
under the [Open Source "MIT
License"](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).  


**Usage:**

1.) Place the MovieDB folder anywhere on your hard disk (the
"/Applications" folder is most suitable).

2.) Double-click MovieDB.

3.) You have to accept the beta warning and IMDb disclaimer at first
start.

4.) On first start a new document is created automatically. On
subsequent launches you can create a new document or open recent ones
with the file menu.

5.) Now you can add movie files. Drag movie files/DVDs/(S)VCDs onto the
movie list at the top and they will be automatically scanned.

5a.) If a movie consists of multiple files or volumes, drag only one
item into the movie list since each dropped item will create a unique
movie. Add the remaining sources to the "Sources" list of the movie
entry created by drag&drop or the (+) button.

5b.) Alternatively you can create an movie entry by clicking "Add Movie"
in the toolbar and then drag all sources to the "Sources" list of this
entry.

6.) Now adjust the (automatically guessed) movie title and hit the big
"Fetch Data from IMDb…" button

7.) Select the right entry for the movie and click "Select"

8.) The movie info is now fetched, you can continue with the next movie  


**License and Disclaimer:**

Copyright © 2017 CoreCode Limited

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
